c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\obj\Debug\Bot Application3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Bot Application.dll.config
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\obj\Debug\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\obj\Debug\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\tezjarl11\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bot Application3\Bot Application3\bin\client_secret.json
